adding production code for spatial2 flusion (#49)
reichlab/forecast-sandbox-2025-2026: src/flusion_spatial2_prod/README.md

# Verify R version
Rscript -e "print(R.version.string); print(.libPaths())"
```

If successful, you should see `R version 4.4.1` in the output.

#### Interactive setup via command line

```bash
# Load the required R module
module load r/4.4.1-4oqw6bx

# Navigate to the project directory
cd /path/to/forecast-sandbox-2025-2026/src/flusion_spatial2_prod

# Restore R packages
Rscript -e "renv::restore()"
```

**Important**: If renv was previously initialized with a different R version, you may need to:
1. Delete the `renv/library/` directory
2. Run `renv::restore()` again with the r/4.4.1 module loaded

#### Verifying your setup

Before submitting jobs, verify R is correctly configured:

```bash
module load r/4.4.1-4oqw6bx
Rscript --version  # Should show R version 4.4.1
cd src/flusion_spatial2_prod
Rscript -e "renv::status()"  # Should show all packages are installed
```

### Running the model

```bash
python main.py --today_date=2024-12-07
```

For a shorter test run:

```bash
python main.py --today_date=2024-12-07 --short_run
```

This runs all four steps:
1. AR(6) pooled model
2. GBQR 3-source spatial2 model
3. GBQR 3-source model
4. R ensemble combining the outputs

> Output is saved to `model-output/UMass-flusion_spatial/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output is saved to `model-output/UMass-flusion_spatial2_prod/`.
```
